Congratulations.
You've just finished
Module 4 where we
learned about planning,
learning, and acting.
Let's go over the concepts and
algorithms we've
covered in this module.
In Lesson 1, we introduced
models and talked
about the difference between
distribution and sample models.
Distribution models
store the probability
of every possible outcome.
However, this may require
a large amount of memory.
Sample models are usually much
more compact than
distribution models
because they don't
explicitly store
the probability of each outcome.
In Lesson 2, we introduced
one-step Q-planning.
Q-planning uses
the same update as Q-learning.
However, it uses
experience generated
by a model instead
of real experience.
In Lesson 3, we introduced
the Dyna architecture.
Dyna incorporates both planning
and learning in a single agent.
We saw that a Dyna Q-agent
can learn much more
quickly by using
many planning updates.
Models aren't always accurate.
In Lesson 4, we talked about how
inaccurate models
affect planning.
We pointed out how Dyna-Q
can plan effectively
using an incomplete model but
not if the model is wrong.
Finally, we introduced Dyna-Q+.
This algorithm uses
a reward bonus in
its planning updates to
encourage exploration.
By exploring, Dyna-Q+ keeps
its model up-to-date
and accurate,
resulting in better performance.
We covered a lot of
material in this module.
So well done keeping up.